doc:fix(README): update directions on deploying tags to production (#2308)
mbta/skate: README.md

```
git push origin --tags
```
4. In [Skate's GitHub Releases Page](https://github.com/mbta/skate/releases)
   1. Click the "[`Draft new release`](https://github.com/mbta/skate/releases/new)" button.
   2. Select the tag you just made.

>    3. Click "`Generate release notes`" to describe the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Click "`Generate release notes`" to auto-generate a description of the release.
```

This initially confused me - "wait, how do I come up with the right description?"

This is a super nitpicky nit though - I love this change!
